I have been a fool, and a vain one! I felt lonely and with intention sought to cure my loneliness with another person. In my attempt, all I was met with was the soulless, anxious eyes of the real woman I had projected my ideal woman onto. I wished for a person who I could see myself in, like some perverted god, and wished to be happy by seeing my reflection. How I have been saved by a dull mirror!  When I looked into these eyes I understood the world did not hold what I really needed. A true woman does not come from  the world, not as a reflection of man, but from God as a reflection of God. Therefore I must be built up by my loneliness, with fortitude and resolve, and only take what I am given without seeking by my will. I do not feel sorry for my intention; I do feel it to be a necessary step in my life to become involved in what I do. Still, I must be the obsessed shepherd of my intention, and leave life up to God where He must take control. This is my new decision. From now on I will be perfectly intentional in everything I do. Nothing will be left to impulse. I don't type like this to give off some false air of swagger, and I don't mean to be pretentious. Yet, when some night like last night comes, your life is spurred to change. Every time you make some mistake, you cannot make it again. Life is full of these. I made a big one yesterday. Today, it all changes and I renounce it all here. This is the realization I should have prayed for, but didn't. Other people have to pay now, and while they probably won't learn from it, I hope they do. My cause will become their resentment. The silver lining, at least, is my new and unrestricted pursuit of knowledge, where I won't have to worry about any new distraction in my life. I am not held captive by want anymore, and I should take the chance to keep it that way. What is my focus now? Cross sections. Fictitous forms, but ideals. This is what my life has meant, and I should have seen the symbol sooner. This is my evidence, as all symbols are. All types of evidence are symbols in reality; it is just that some are more obfuscated than others. There is no real difference between the omens of measured science and the prophecies of private revelations, of the greater themes within one's life. My great and measured science is my struggle against the world. As the Platonists saw God as a sphere, I should see God as the ideal. Before, the ideal had caused a dilemma. The possibility of the world lingers in my brain like a disease, and the actuality of its imperfect and fallen nature had me at ends with the perfection of our God. By His grace, I have been granted the greatest realization of my life, a belief and not just a supposition—the world is my enemy, and I must avoid it until the end. Have you, the reader, realized this? You will surely be destined to afflictions of the heart, the mind, the body, as long as you live in the world. Within the world persists malicious doctrines, errors of the soul, that afflict you on a fundamental level. A good and ordered life should be our sport, but does the runner weigh down his feet with heavy weights before a race? Does the strongman go without sleep or food, so that his efforts to train the body weaken it? Or do these athletes prepare themselves to the highest standard before competition? So too should our sport be to be right in the beginning of our efforts. One of the effects of merely being of the world is the apathy of the opinion of the people who live in it. I realized this walking in the rain to class today, with the hood of my raincoat like the blinders of a horse. Inventing my own world, while a fabrication, exposed the vanity of this world, and my resignation from the world marked my resignation from its vanity. If one is advised to not care, this is the essence of those words: to not be caught up in the world. I have been a fool, but today I have become wiser in my foolery. --- So, I must give some considetation to a previous dream as I remember it. The appearance of a woman named Karen in some Harry Potter living situation, in a hallway tucked away inside some academic hall, behind its restrooms, came as a shock to me after a difficult deal with located a place of residence. She was sleeping in the same room I was, but I hadn't seen her until three days into my stay. Seeing her there, I could have sworn we had a similar encounter. Her hair fluctuated between red and a dark green, and I picked up on the latter as a symbol of the all-seeing eye atop its pyramid. Karen seemed fond of this image, and I had seen her draw herself a number of times with the pyramid as a helmet. At first, I thought this meant these were two different people, but a dissuasion arose from a possible confliction between similarities to Fight Club.