Yeah, this could be the cool little thing I do. All the great philosophers had their schticks. Hegel had synthesis. Descartes had the cogito. But my cool thing? Decomposition and recomposition. That's what I'll be known for. (Weird thing about meta-irony is that it solves absurdism and deconstruction. When what you say could mean nothing at all, you call out the bullshit of ambiguity.) I'm all about, you know, Linkin Park? Burning it down to build it back up--you know the verse. Cutting up bodies. Evisceration. Bestgore? Liveleak? That's Biblical. That's the evidence of the Fall of Man. Only thing is that we can't put humans back together again. Not yet, but once we do you know they won't help but add some extra 'fun' bits. Then a person becomes a lot of things. Legs, hands, arms, eyes, like they had before, but all their own now. Put them back together and you understand it better. Of course, this isn't necessary. This is cruel and inhumane and anyone who does know better would call the idea off immediately. But no one does seem to know better, and look cruelly to composed humans. So I tear them apart for their convenience, and I don't stop at the body. I tear apart their soul. I expose the appetite and human indignation. I show passion and reason. I didn't have to do this; the doubtfully ignorant forced my hand, but that doesn't mean I should hold back. I'd like not to hold back. It would be an incredible feat to decompose without fear. One application of decomposition plays against social cohesion. This is when you make people uncomfortable. You go outside of societal norms, invade personal bubbles, question or deny social assumputions. It doesn't mean you stop wearing pants or yell racial slurs wherever you go--this behavior would only serve as evidence for your insanity. When you decompose, you want to blur the line. Where does your insanity begin and where does theirs end? Lead them on like a retarded Metal Gear guard: in suspicion, but still too braindead to understand. If you walk the line perfectly, you will have mastered the art of dissecting the psyche. We subjugate their passions with our reason, and ridicule their reason by our passions. This is not a fight of truth against lies, although the truth is still very important to hold. The fight goes deeper than truth. We are fighting against a maliciousness and a death, and we turn the other cheek to death; we laugh at it, and we die to ourselves furthermore. Decomposition also lies in humility. Our personal dissection is furthered by a holy hatred and distrust of the self. The decomposition of pride is absolutely necessary, unlike other forms, because of the original sin Adam had delivered us into. And as the death of death requires entropy until the end, we must entroprize our pride until we are nothing. What will recompose us then? Our faith, and not our works, lest any man should boast. This is how Paul means. The matter of our recomposition does not lie within our earthly pride. We do not return to the arrogance we tore apart, but return by way of God's grace, our most regenerative source. Do this first, because if we can't decompose ourselves, how can we expect to compost our community correctly? In this case, we're screwed. It's over then. We fight for our interests when we hold pride in our hearts, and our interests are shit. You think you know what's good for you? You really think that you're different from everyone else? Not this time. We destroy not for ourselves; instead, we tear apart the fabric of the contemporary construct of reality for the sake of God. Therefore, bind yourself to the hierarchy. Doing so can only further your nothingness, and this nothingness will be cause for your redemption when death arrives. We must meditate on Christ's decomposition. The Scourging, the Cross, the Crucifixion. This is an great insight into the necessity of the supernatural proof of salvation by the Christ: that his resurrection might be the recomposition for our lives. In fact, the words I write here are only a weak echo of the Word of God. The ideas I present are no less present in the Passion of Jesus Christ, codified into a symbolic evidence visible only to the heart of a believer and obscured from the foolish skeptic.