	I stop playing 2048 and close my laptop to head to my multivariable calculus class. I know I'm not supposed to waste my time like that but I do it anyway. In fact, I constantly split my time between lots of chores that will never go anywhere, but I try to pretend like I care about the thing I'm going to college for. I will ignore the fact that I enjoy computer science more than mathematics, because a computer science degree is worthless in the sea of other computer science graduates looking for the same jobs I'd be looking for. That's why I'm a mathematics major: because it pays well. That's the reason for college. I'm not going to pretend like I'm here to spark my passions into fruition, because I really don't care about my career. I'm simply looking for capital here, and if you don't go into STEM, business, or law in college, you're not going to find any.
	I turn to leave and notice my roommate's coffeemaker out of the corner of my eye. It looks like some sickly still life that was in on a joke I didn't know about. Under it lies a newspaper from the college press, with only the word "BLACKED" visible in all caps. The full title "BLACKED OUT", refers to a muckraking operation of exposing sexual assault cases within the university, the contents within going into gruesome detail of the matter. I know this because I read it five months ago, on the ninth floor of the university library— while helping a girl in Mississippi with her calculus over the phone—out of feeling some obligation to the press to read their newspaper that no one cares about. I have since tried to limit my reponse to social obligation. Scattering around the coffeemaker are plastic pink cups that read "eat cake for breakfast". Their existence baffles me; their command baffles me further, to the point of laughter. I don't really know why my roommate picked them, and I hope for his sake he bought them out of some subconcious motivation, rather than it being a deliberate purpose. It is in line with the nametag on his desk that used to have his pronouns listed on it, now scribbled out. There is some turmoil going on here as well. Before I leave I think about how Paul, a tuba from the marching band, came up to my room and remarked on how it smelled like semen in here. I told him that he was probably smelling the coffee my roommate spilled and that it hadn't quite aired out yet, and in his hard-headed way he continued to insist that it smelled like semen in the room. I wonder if he might be right.
	Going out of the door, a guitar plays in another room. It sounds like the soundtrack to an early naughts teen film, either college or high school: pick your poison. Some people soundtrack their lives in such a manner, living a real case of protagonist syndrome, and it's sick to think I used to do the same thing. Although, instead of pretending that my life was a dandy, material, lowercase-h heaven, I instead pretended that my life sucked and God hated me. Do not do either. In this instance I am reminded of the girls who sit behind me in my computer science lab and whine to each other about how they are failing their classes and whine to each other about how their friends should not fail their classes. It would irk me if I wasn't absorbed by the task at hand in that room, but I'm dug into my programming. Yet, even if I'm not emotionally stirred by their philosophy of life, I think, not feel, my resentment against their self-absorbed pride. The elevator out of the dorm stops at the fifth floor; a girl walks in and we make brief eye contact. There's a tinge of fear and hatred in her eyes. It might be my height, and it might be because I'm male, but it's more likely not a personal thing. Residual psychological damage from not seeing the full face of strangers for a year and a half will raise a fear and hatred of unknown people, and trying to deny that is apologizing for the enemy. I say hey, in an attempt to counter unfamiliarity, but no there's no response. I am a little angry and I give a little kick to the elevator door as I leave, but not anything more than what could be mistaken for a clumsy trip.
	I'm out of the door and I focus on my trek to class. It's about a fifteen minute walk, but I've made it in thirteen before. I begin to feel the frustration of my situation. I didn't leave until 12:23 even though I am registered for two other classes before this. I don't go because I don't have to, and because I don't need to. The first course has a competent professor, but the introductory-level matter means the lectures are straightforward and a waste of time, and studying consists of ideas not worth more than 30 minutes of a productive person's time. I don't really value my time that much yet, but I will get there, and cutting out 2048 is all the same as cutting out my macroeconomics class, as insulting as that might seem. My second course is the reverse: a sweet old Vietnamese lady with no teaching ability but plenty of credentials to be in the position of teaching something beyond basic accounting. Although I do need help in this course, I get nothing from the lectures, much like the calculus I am heading to right now, the class I am going to write in instead of paying attention to, because it doesn't help me in the slightest. I cement a further hatred of college. Yesterday, I passed a father and daughter leaving an university orientation. He asked her what courses she wanted to pick, but the answer was given out of earshot. I had the horrible feeling that they believed college was really going to be the big break to set her on the right path, and I hated college more, because many people feel like this, but college isn't not-for-profit. College is a business that produces degrees, and students work for grades, not skills or knowledge or capital. This is my motivation for my classes: to get the best grades, and GPA, and whatever it takes to graduate. There is no honesty or love in college, only value, and I don't know if I want it but I continue anyway.
	Don't go to college out of felt obligation; leave the machine instead. It will ruin you. Those satires of students coming out of school, all thinking exactly the same, are facetious. In reality we come out of the machine dumber with meaningless certifications. The comics suggest that school makes everyone think the same; this is only true in the fact that nobody ever learns how to think, and they all think nothing. It doesn't help that no one really cares about whether or not they think, either. It's all unreal Hell, admittedly better than actual Hell, where you are perfectly aware that you are there and deserve it, but still surreal and unfair. Real societies don't function like Orwellian nightmares where everyone is coerced by other people who hate them. Instead, real societies are filled with people who hate themselves and coerce themselves into inferiority. They are okay with not thinking about the consequences of life or even the consequences of their material submission, because the terms they have set fulfill their bases desires and, being animals, they look for nothing further than the appeasement of their appetites. At least monkeys can make tools, but not one of these fools has made anything; they only build themselves to consume. The next time someone mentions that all humanity needs to do is wait until its technology can take care of all of its problems, try and remember this scenario only results from unthinking subhumans less than monkeys.
	Anyways, calculus class is over.