It is a wonder I don't go insane in this hellish environment where everything seems to attack my livelihood. I am attacked from the side and then I retreat to foreign ideas that I would have never entertained in benign comfort. And it seems comfort is not always a pleasurable thing, but more a familiar thing, because I held comfort in the familiar buzzing of the electric light of that stupid ceiling light my roommate likes to keep on. If that wasn't enough, he even sleeps with it on. Of course, I can't rag on him too much, because the only reason it remains a problem is my inability to get some other less invasive fucking lamp or something in here. Something like that. Something cute, with a nice yellow lampshade over it to really put the mind to ease. Doesn't that sound nice? I hate this light and the constant, dreadful sound it makes. It's a persistent fog over my mind, sitting in the background, which is so much worse than an explicit mental rape. It really drains me. I think it's completely fair to hate it too. Christ wanted us to hate sin so that we would be uncomfortable with it; I am almost certain of this. Hate, then, is my antidote for anything I find strange. I must despise the ways of this world, and judge others just as harshly as I judge myself, because judgment contains my cure. I look at the crowds of WKU and see the way they go on without fear of a God and I think so hardly because of it. It is strange to think I am sometimes tempted by the false freedom agnosticism provides considering how much I hate the hedonistic inspiration behind it, but I suppose these contradictions are to be expected by now. Any fear of future hypocrisy doesn't stop me anyway. If I truly believed in it, then I would hold it true forever for everyone, including myself. Any possible apostate Aiden deserves hellfire. If that seems harsh: you must not detest sin as you should. If you think it isn't your job to judge: we can't expect God to do all the work. Be unsettled by these fools like I aim to be. Correct fraternally like your life depends on it, because your eternal life does, and fight with a powerful anxiety and stress against it all, in discomfort and hate.