	I am frustrated with most of my life because a good amount of it was spent in a very safe and bland position without any chance of real sin, save sins against the sixth commandment, which ought to be the most humiliating exception to make. Oh wow, you're a slave to the passions *like everyone else*? How fascinating! I need to get your signature! I guess God subjects me to this because He knows how it messes with my ego. Well played. Really, it was the first time I was challenged to examine my conscience past sins against purity. The first sin was an acedia that came along with the boring life I lived—this is easily explained, and not impossible to combat—but the second sin was much more daunting task.
	This was a deeply rooted pride I got from being me, which had slowly been spreading through my soul like a cancer since I came to college. Living my plain life before this had sort of been a challenge to my faith. I found it strange that in many places in my life I had no sacrifice to give and, having no area within which to sin, no area in which virtue could be exercised. Staying inside every day meant there was no temptation to drink unto excess or fornicate or any of the hip attitudes towards certain sins held by my peers. Never eating but once a day meant my fasts were no great challenge to overcome. Way back in middle school my friends and I would walk to the bus stop to ride all the way to Sembach Middle School, and one would see a nice looking car as we walked along. He commented on how appealing it looked to him and asked me if I felt the same, and was astonished by the fact I didn't really have an opinion on it. It was such an awful stance, looking back. I was not at all equipped to enjoy the goodness of life, and although there was no evil to commit, there was no merit in much of my life for the most part. Without a chance to covet, envy, or hold avarice in my heart, there was no sacrifice in my life that should be pleasing to God. With this percieved dilemma it is easy to see why evil must exist in order for good to prevail.
	This solves the idealistic problem of evil, but when evil is removed from life and we can do no real wrong, our lives become so meaningless, and a new problem arises. There are no more wars to die in, no more families for whom we give our lives, no community to whom we make ourselves known. Actually, we give simulation the task of imitating these crucial events. Oh boy, video games? I gotta get my hands on these fun games. I love fighting the bad guys and winning the day! Such a simulation only leaves us feeling empty and missing out on something greater, because deep down we know that our virtual quest is only a substitute. The truth of living in the Western world is the lie that we cannot be culpable for any sin, and the result of that lie is the death of the meaning. Now our fight lies in discerning reality, and this is a tedious and immaterial task.
	Considering this, I don't think it can be stressed enough how important it is that a cause be material, because it is the easiest thing to comprehend, and the easiest thing to fight for. The material is the purest means of understanding, just as abstract forms are best made concrete to be understood. We know demons by giving them disfigured faces in just the same way we count on our fingers. Let's address life the same way, and let's consider the efficacity of our material lives. How do we create meaning in our lives? My distraction was drum corps, a true distraction because I grew accustomed to living without thinking, complacent in the simple tasks given me. Here was a place I did not have to think, because my life was predetermined and I could give myself up for the sake of the corps. This was my family and my meaning, and I held myself hostage to keep it, and lied to myself, and used it as religion, nearly a false god between me and Christ. If I had known sooner what pains this comfort would bring me I would have been forsaken it all! But at least now by recognizing material truths, I came to a greater understanding of myself.
	Before, the fight could be tangible; now, we do not kill breathing murderers, but spiritual murderers. The fight is against what stole our meaning, against modern errors so many take for granted and suffer from the supposition, not knowing any better way to live. This only serves to further confuse and confound as we warp intangible reality, and not one understands himself any better than he did before if he is not worse off for it. How can we blame him? The world hasn't always lied about our faults and told us to believe heresy. It wasn't always like this. I suggest that there was a point where he blinded himself from the truth by confounding it and turning it into something not sensible. So now the question might be: how do we fight error without losing the plot?
	Surely, as God came down as man to save us from our sins, we must follow His example and make our faults known to us as real and apparent. We will make the fight tangible once again to make our battle clear. Be smart, then, and wage war on life. Make everything real to you by whatever means you can. Sin will become devils for us so that we may strike them down. Hell is painted, although it is nothing like the depiction, as a boiling pot, not to depict it as it is sensibly but as it is by appealing to the senses. Even as I write down these words, the resulting meaning is unlike my original intention, and your understanding brings further difference, but still some truth is telephoned to you. Likewise, We can be sympathetic to medieval artwork. Michaelangelo was not stupid to speak God as a bearded man in the clouds, because despite the deciphering the message is clear: God is watching.